162 2118749 proxy disconnected (#391)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_network-considerations-for-service-telemetry-framework.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

[id="con-network-considerations-for-service-telemetry-framework_{context}"]
= Network considerations for Service Telemetry Framework

> {Project} ({ProjectShort}) only works in a fully connected network environment. {ProjectShort} does not work in {OpenShift} disconnected environments or network proxy environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only deploy {Project}({ProjectShort}) in a fully connected network environment. You cannot deploy {ProjectShort} in Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform disconnected environments or network proxy environments.
```
